SIP Witch is an official package of the GNU Project as of August 10th 2007.
GNU SIP Witch is also part of GNU Telephony & the GNU Telecom subsystem.

GNU SIP Witch is a Peer SIP Call Server, that is a call server for the SIP
protocol. As a call server it services call registration for SIP devices and
destination routing through SIP gateways.  GNU SIP Witch does not perform codec
operations or media proxying and thereby enables SIP endpoints to directly peer
negotiate call setting and process peer to peer media streaming even when when
multiple SIP Witch call nodes at multiple locations are involved.  This means
GNU SIP Witch operates without introducing additional media latency or offering
a central point for media capture, unlike "IP-PBX" solutions such as Asterisk,
Yate, CallWeaver, FreeSwitch, etc.

The key differences between GNU SIP Witch and IP PBX packages is that it acts
as a call server only, and not a media server, application server, or media
proxy. This means GNU SIP Witch supports peer to peer endpoint media streaming,
which facilitates secure calling media protocols such as ZRTP, as well as
generally intercept free media communications.  GNU SIP Witch uses destination
routing, so unlike Asterisk, it does not establish call sessions before
performing routing. This means faster and more scalable call handling.

GNU SIP Witch is designed to support network scaling of telephony services,
rather than the heavily compute-bound solutions we find in use today.  This
means a call node has a local authentication/registration database, and this
will be mirrored, so that any active call node in a cluster will be able to
accept and service a call.  This allows for the possibility of live failover
support in the future as well.

GNU SIP Witch is not a SIP "router", and does not try to address the same
things as iptel "Ser".  GNU SIP Witch is being designed to be used either to
create an on-premise SIP telephone system, telecenter server, or call center,
when used in combination with GNU Bayonne, or as a hosted SIP telephone
system. One important feature will include direct use of URI routing to support
direct peer to peer calls between service domains over the public internet
without needing mediation of an intermediary "service provider" so that people
can publish and call sip: uri's unconstrained.  GNU SIP Witch is about freedom
to communicate and the removal of artifical barriers and constraints whether
imposed by monopoly service providers or by governments.

Resources for supporting GNU SIP Witch, and other GNU Telephony efforts such as
GNU Bayonne2, will be consolidated and handled principally through Savannah,
and primarily using the existing GNU Telecom subsystem project found there
(https://savannah.gnu.org/projects/gnucomm) as a central point of contact. This
sub-project is being reorganized for this purpose.

GNU SIP Witch depends on the UCommon library, which may merge with and become
GNU Common C++ 2.0 later this year or early next year.  CVS for and new
distributions of UCommon will be found in the GNU Telecom project on an interum
basis until then.  GNU SIP Witch also uses libeXosip2 and GNU oSIP, and these
may be found at their respective sites. 
